some changes. (#138)
xmartlabs/blog: _posts/2020-10-02-react-native-line.md

We are happy to announce a new [react-native-line](https://github.com/xmartlabs/react-native-line) version that supports the latest updates on the [LINE SDK](https://developers.line.biz/en/docs/line-login/overview/) and it's available to download via [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@xmartlabs/react-native-line)!

> When one of our projects called  for an integration of sign in with [Line](https://line.me/en/) (which [is pretty popular in Japan](https://www.statista.com/statistics/735063/japan-number-of-line-users/#:~:text=Number%20of%20LINE%20users%20in%20Japan%202016%2D2021&text=In%202016%2C%20approximately%2045.5%20million,58.5%20million%20users%20in%202021.)), there were not any maintained alternative in the React Native community so we decided to develop our own!

Reviewer: Maybe you intended to say?

```suggestion
When one of our projects called for an integration of sign in with [Line](https://line.me/en/) (which [is pretty popular in Japan](https://www.statista.com/statistics/735063/japan-number-of-line-users/#:~:text=Number%20of%20LINE%20users%20in%20Japan%202016%2D2021&text=In%202016%2C%20approximately%2045.5%20million,58.5%20million%20users%20in%202021.)), there were not any maintained alternatives in the React Native community so we decided to develop our own!
```

### Implementation

Unlike most natives modules in the React Native community which are developed in Objective-C and Java, new React Native Line version is implemented using Swift and Kotlin at a low level.

> This was an easy decision to make, first we have been using Swift and Kotlin since their first release. Secondly, Line SDK is deprecating Obj-c and Java versions in behalf of Swift and Kotlin (see image below). Lastly, and this is more obvious, Swift and Kotlin are modern, more intuitive, easy to read and maintain than Obj-c and Java respectively.

Reviewer: I like the approach you had! The only thing that I would change is that LineSDK isn't deprecating Java since Kotlin compiles to Java-bytecode as far as I know. So it's exactly the same using one language or another in terms of compatibility. We decided to use Kotlin just for switching to something new.

```suggestion
This was an easy decision to make. First, we have been using Swift and Kotlin since their first release. Secondly, Line SDK is deprecating the Objective-C version on behalf of Swift (see image below). Lastly, and this is more obvious, Swift and Kotlin are modern, more intuitive, easy to read, and maintain than Obj-c and Java respectively.
```
